# Module7S3S4WordsWords
	The data packet being used here is UCBAdmissions as accessed through RStudio using the aforementioned entry. For the second step of the first half, I would argue that UCBAdmissions is not itself a generic function, because it does not involve looking up or dialing anything else, but exists as a data set in its own right, an object with the four slots for its class of Gender, Department, and Number of Accepted & Number of Rejected; as to whether it can have a generic function applied to it, it is an object with classes that can be subjected to the lookup process that generic functions represent, such as by using it with known generic functions such as plot(x) or print(x). It serves to qualify as a S3 object because it is a list with classes attached to it, allowing it to fit the informal, loosely defined definition of what an S3 is, fitting for the most common class. Meanwhile, the handy isS4(x) function helps to confirm that it is not also the stricter, better defined from the start S4 schema, suggesting that it is not an S4 object. 
	You would tell an S3 from an S4 object by various factors. One example is that when using a function for dispatch, when using a function, usually a generic function, in order to determine what arguments can be used on an object it can only notice the first portion of the object while an S4 object will take this sort of dispatch in every field available. One can also take advantage of the isS4(x) function to determine whether an object is an S4 one, though it does not guarantee that the object is an S3 one. 
	One way to detect the base type of an object is by taking the easy method and using the class(x) function in order to get a basic idea of the type of data it is, such as “table”, or perhaps more accurately by using typeof(x) in order to determine the true nature of an object, from “character” to “list” to “double”. 
	A Generic Function is a tool that generally does not do any calculations on its own, but instead works to call up other functions, determining the class of an object and thus, changing in a way that depends on the variable introduced, producing differing calculations by applying different arguments, the Generic Function acting as an inbetween between the actual functions and the data.  
	The main differences between S3 and S4 objects is that S4 objects are much more formal and rigorous, with S3 being arguably more of a labeling system as opposed to what S4 is, which makes S3 objects harder to verify but at the same time makes it so that it is much easier to customize them and create new ones, even if, as jus mentioned, this can be troublesome if utilized incorrectly.  
